[DOCS] Adds the 7.14.1 release notes (#110107)
elastic/kibana: docs/CHANGELOG.asciidoc

//* <<release-notes-7.0.0-alpha1>>

--
[[release-notes-7.14.1]]
== {kib} 7.14.1

coming::[7.14.1]

For information about the 7.14.1 release, review the following information.

[float]
[[breaking-changes-v7.14.1]]
=== Breaking changes

> Breaking changes can prevent your application from optimal operation and performance. Before you upgrade to 7.14.14, review the <<breaking-changes-7.14.0,7.14.0 breaking changes>>, then mitigate the impact to your application.

Reviewer: This paragraph is the same paragraph that users see when they click the link to the 7.14.0 breaking docs.  Maybe cut down the text a bit?

7.14.14 > 7.14.1

{kibana-ref-all}/7.9/breaking-changes-7.9.html[7.9] | {kibana-ref-all}/7.8/breaking-changes-7.8.html[7.8] | {kibana-ref-all}/7.7/breaking-changes-7.7.html[7.7] |
{kibana-ref-all}/7.6/breaking-changes-7.6.html[7.6] | {kibana-ref-all}/7.5/breaking-changes-7.5.html[7.5] |
{kibana-ref-all}/7.4/breaking-changes-7.4.html[7.4] | {kibana-ref-all}/7.3/breaking-changes-7.3.html[7.3] | {kibana-ref-all}/7.2/breaking-changes-7.2.html[7.2]
| {kibana-ref-all}/7.1/breaking-changes-7.1.html[7.1] | {kibana-ref-all}/7.0/breaking-changes-7.0.html[7.0]

[float]
[[enhancement-v7.14.1]]
=== Enhancements
Elastic Security::
For the Elastic Security 7.14.1 release information, refer to {security-guide}/release-notes.html[_Elastic Security Solution Release Notes_].
Platform::
* Adds new SavedObjectsRespository error type for 404 that do not originate from {es} responses {kibana-pull}107301[#107301]

[float]
[[fixes-v7.14.1]]
=== Bug Fixes
Alerting::

> * Allow rule to execute if the value is 0 and that mets the condition {kibana-pull}105626[#105626]

Reviewer 2: Oh yea sure.

Maybe something like:

`Fixed bug that prevented the index threshold rule from properly working with a threshold below a value`

WDYT?

> * Allow rule to execute if the value is 0 and that mets the condition {kibana-pull}105626[#105626]

Reviewer 3: LGTM!
```suggestion
* Fixed bug that prevented the index threshold rule from properly working with a threshold below a value {kibana-pull}105626[#105626]
```

> * Allow rule to execute if the value is 0 and that mets the condition {kibana-pull}105626[#105626]

Reviewer 3: @KOTungseth ^^ regarding a change we'd like to apply to your PR.

Canvas::
* Fixes numeric variable casting {kibana-pull}109744[#109744]
Dashboard::

> * Adds Ability to Defer Embeddable Loaded State {kibana-pull}107227[#107227]

Reviewer: sentence caps?
